out of the forest they came 300 villages
from four provinces headed for just one
place a controversial rubber concession
in the hearts of prey lang forest
sensitive awk for nine days to get here
Conklin Maternity now that Gurkha I'm
angry because they are destroying our
livelihoods but it's not just the
massive land concessions that are
flattening the forests illegal logging
is also destroying protected resin trees
which are the main source of income for
80% of the people who live here you see
there are one tree they had a whole new
cut woody is leading the campaign to
save prey lang Heath is the worst
they're not implemented to the law I
seen that in Sigmund or one year leave
early finish rabbit busy current with
Sigmund or one year old is gone very
clear he says corruption through all
levels of government is at the root of
the problem concession holders are meant
to cultivate the land once it is cleared
all too often though after the wood is
gone the land is abandoned cut trees can
fetch tens of thousands of dollars on
the open market most go to Vietnam or
China this pile of sword wood will
probably be sold in Vietnam the
villagers say they're losing everything
while the loggers rake in the cash
because the police and Forestry
administration officials won't do more
to stop illegal logging the protesters
have decided to take direct action
they've set fire to about 83 illegally
felled logs to highlight what's going on
in the forest and to prevent the rest of
it from going up in smoke
environmentalists also warned that if
the forest is destroyed the country will
witness increased flooding and potential
falls in fish stocks in the Tonle Sap
police arrived to confront the villagers
burning the logs they wrestle with took
what he tried to arrest him
the protesters quickly respond they form
a protective cordon around his car and
start to march out continuing their
protest as they go they're angry and
determined to make the government listen
before the forest is gone for good
Stephanie scow on al-jazeera pray Lang
Cambodia